README.md, before:

<img  height="50px" align="right" src="./resources/images/holberton_school_logo.png" alt="Holberton School logo">

# Web Development

<details>
        <summary>
		CLICK TO ENLARGE 😇
        </summary>
	    📄 <a href="#description">Description</a>
        <br>
        📂 <a href="#files-description">Files description</a>
        <br>
        ♥️ <a href="#thanks">Thanks</a>
        <br>
        👷 <a href="#authors">Authors</a>
</details>

## 📄 <span id="description">Description</span>

All these projects were completed as part of the Holberton School curriculum. The goal was to learn the fundamentals of web development by implementing a webpage from a design file from scratch.

<img src="./resources/images/smileschool_final_design.png" alt="">

## 📂 <span id="files-description">File description</span>

| **FILE**       | **DESCRIPTION**                                      |
| :------------: | ---------------------------------------------------- |
| `html_advanced`| Directory containing the HTML structure of the site. |
| `README.md`    | The readme file you are currently reading 😉.        |   

## ♥️ <span id="thanks">Thanks</span>

A big thank you to all my Holberton School peers for their help and support throughout these projects.

## 👷 <span id="authors">Authors</span>

**Fabien CHAVONET**
- Github: [@fchavonet](https://github.com/fchavonet)

Commit message:

Updating global repository `README.md`.

README.md, after:

<img  height="50px" align="right" src="./resources/images/holberton_school_logo.png" alt="Holberton School logo">

# Web Development

<details>
        <summary>
		CLICK TO ENLARGE 😇
        </summary>
	    📄 <a href="#description">Description</a>
        <br>
        📂 <a href="#files-description">Files description</a>
        <br>
        ♥️ <a href="#thanks">Thanks</a>
        <br>
        👷 <a href="#authors">Authors</a>
</details>

## 📄 <span id="description">Description</span>

All these projects were completed as part of the Holberton School curriculum. The goal was to learn the fundamentals of web development by implementing a webpage from a design file from scratch.

<img src="./resources/images/smileschool_final_design.png" alt="">

## 📂 <span id="files-description">File description</span>

| **FILE**       | **DESCRIPTION**                                      |
| :------------: | ---------------------------------------------------- |
| `html_advanced`| Directory containing the HTML structure of the site. |
| `resources`    | Contains the resources required for the repository.  |
| `README.md`    | The readme file you are currently reading 😉.        |   

## ♥️ <span id="thanks">Thanks</span>

A big thank you to all my Holberton School peers for their help and support throughout these projects.

## 👷 <span id="authors">Authors</span>

**Fabien CHAVONET**
- Github: [@fchavonet](https://github.com/fchavonet)
